docs:#1552 doc controller snapshots (#1658)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/get-started/pages/release-notes/redpanda.adoc

See xref:manage:cluster-maintenance/continuous-data-balancing.adoc[] for configuration details.

== Schema Registry contexts

> Redpanda {page-component-version} introduces xref:manage:schema-reg/schema-reg-contexts.adoc[Schema Registry contexts], namespaces that isolate schemas, subjects, and configurations within a single Schema Registry instance. Each context maintains its own schema ID counter, mode settings, and compatibility settings, so teams can share a Schema Registry without risking naming collisions or configuration drift.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:manage:schema-reg/schema-reg-contexts.adoc[Schema Registry contexts] are namespaces that isolate schemas, subjects, and configurations within a single Schema Registry instance. Each context maintains its own schema ID counter, mode settings, and compatibility settings, so teams can share a Schema Registry without risking naming collisions or configuration drift.
```
